N38: Thetawave (#1169)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/038/index.md

[@im_oab]: https://twitter.com/im_oab
[Tetra]: https://github.com/17cupsofcoffee/tetra

### Thetawave

![thetawave-boss](thetawave.gif)
_First boss in progress_

Thetawave is a physics based, cosmic horror themed space shooter by
[@carlosupina].

> In the past month work has begun on the first boss enemy in the game,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past month, work has begun on the first boss enemy in the game,
```

the [Repeater].

Thetawave has also joined the [@spicylobsterfam] incubator.

> Feel free to reach out to
> me if you are interested in contributing!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to reach out to the developer
if you are interested in contributing!
```
